It is time
to defend democracy
against barbarism.
I alone can fix it.
That's how dictators get started.
In Hungary and Russia
the media have been under totalitarian control for years.
Open societies cannot exist without journalism.
A shock and awe series of reports:
the NSA’s “Collect it All” agenda.
This is the truth, this is what’s happening.
Why are you so scared of
diversity in the news?
Free speech
against a
dictatorship of fear.
Alternative facts.
We all know,
these are just speculations.
Fast, loud and
easily digestible.
Whether a story
is true or not
is completely irrelevant
in this attention economy.
Journalism is more than just a business
for a corporation.
It feels like journalism
but it’s advertising.
The average human
can no longer tell the difference
between the news and an ad.
[off] Who exactly owns your newspaper?
A journalist, editor, publisher
and also politician.
This is all interwoven
beyond recognition.
The newspaper industry today
is in big trouble!
We need
reasonable information
to make informed decisions.
“Swiss Weekly ‘L’Hebdo’ Closing Down”
“Tagi and SoZ Merge Economy Sections”
“Cost Savings at Tamedia”
[off] They say cost pressure is compromising quality…
Swiss publishers
are making digital money
with e-commerce platforms.
It is interesting that we’re doing really well.
Our media system is broken
Let’s build something new collectively.
A new foundation
for independent
journalism.
Ad-free.
Journalism needs passion,
skill and sincerity.
And an attentive, curious
fearless public.
You!
And you!
Support us now: www.republik.ch